[Connectivity] add a method to request location on iOS (for iOS 13) (#1999)
flutter/plugins: packages/connectivity/README.md

var wifiName = await (Connectivity().getWifiName());wifi network
```

### iOS 12

> To use `.getWifiBSSID()` and `.getWifiName()` on iOS >= 12, the `Access WiFi information capability` in XCode must be enabled. Otherwise, both method will return null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `.getWifiBSSID()` and `.getWifiName()` on iOS >= 12, the `Access WiFi information capability` in XCode must be enabled. Otherwise, both methods will return null.
```

### iOS 13

> The methods `.getWifiBSSID()` and `.getWifiName()` utilize the [CNCopyCurrentNetworkInfo](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/systemconfiguration/1614126-cncopycurrentnetworkinfo) function on iOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The methods `.getWifiBSSID()` and `.getWifiName()` utilize the [`CNCopyCurrentNetworkInfo`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/systemconfiguration/1614126-cncopycurrentnetworkinfo) function on iOS.
```

As of iOS 13, Apple announced that these APIs will no longer return valid information.

> An App linked against iOS 12 or earlier receives pseudo-values such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An app linked against iOS 12 or earlier receives pseudo-values such as:
```

 * SSID: "Wi-Fi" or "WLAN" ("WLAN" will be returned for the China SKU).

 * BSSID: "00:00:00:00:00:00"

> An App linked against iOS 13 or later receives null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An app linked against iOS 13 or later receives `null`.
```

> The [CNCopyCurrentNetworkInfo] will work for Apps that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CNCopyCurrentNetworkInfo` will work for Apps that:
```

  * The app uses Core Location, and has the user’s authorization to use location information.

  * The app uses the NEHotspotConfiguration API to configure the current Wi-Fi network.

  * The app has active VPN configurations installed.

If your app falls into the last two categories, it will work as it is. If your app doesn't fall into the last two categories,
and you still need to access the wifi information, you should request user's authorization to use location information.

There is a helper method provided in this plugin to request the location authorization: `requestLocationServiceAuthorizationIfUndetermined`.
To request location authorization, make sure to add the following keys to your _Info.plist_ file, located in `<project root>/ios/Runner/Info.plist`:

> * `NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription` - describe why the app needs access to the user’s location information all the time (foreground and background). _Privacy - Location Always and When In Use Usage Description_ in the visual editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription` - describe why the app needs access to the user’s location information all the time (foreground and background). This is called _Privacy - Location Always Usage Description_ in the visual editor.
```

Reviewer: I might be wrong here but I think it should just be _Privacy - Location Always Usage Description_
